#Problem & Solution Interviews - Publicate##Welcome* Thanks*	I want to understand how you currently go about certain tasks with content online so I can understand some processes and current problems you are facing and how you are currently solving them.*	Feedback on proposed solution###Demographics-	Your name-	Company name-	What does company do / offering?-	What industry is it in-	What is your job title-	Explain about your job role - what you do-	Do you have authority for budget-	What is your bosses title-	What is your monthly marketing spend and monthly tool spend? (Buffer, Hootsuite, others?)##Rank and discuss the problems-	People you work with each find great content, and there is no easy way of you all being able to see and share that content.-	Reasons you may want to see that content is to collaborate around it, share the information or ideas or so that someone central can take action on it-	Creating content to share online is difficult-	Working out what to create, creating enough of it, actually creating the content is all time consuming and a challenge-	There is no way to share several relevant pieces of content together at the same time-	If you wanted to share 5 useful pieces of content about the same subject there is no easy way of doing so.-	Content online is fragmented, which makes it hard to keep it organised, find it again, or reuse it in the future-	Video’s in one place, blogs in others, articles here and there, difficult to keep track of it all.##User Flow Analysis###Steps taken-	Count and detail each step-	What are you doing-	Why doing it-	What using to do it-	What is the problem encountered-	What would you like it to do###Tasks-	Can you take me through how you go about sharing content socially?-	Right from the start, what are your sources? Colleagues etc? Content types, places...-	Can you take me through how you go about creating content to share?-	Right from the start, research to promoting, different types, different places…-	Can you take me through how you save information that you find useful?-	One method, various methods, purposes... -	Can you take me through how you share information with colleagues or a team?-	Individual level, team level, behaviours around content once shared…####Notes - Other feedback##Solution ReviewI am working on an online publishing platform that will make it easy to create new content from existing content online which will solve some of the problems we have talked about.###Ask for something- Can we have a follow up meeting to discuss the solution in a few weeks?- Is there anyone you could introduce me to speak with that this would be relevant for / also has this problem?- If we solved this solution would you be interested in paying for it?